Product Description

Product specification classification:
 
24H404H070 (spiral shaft 6MM)
A42B202O4A
24H404H160 (optical axis 6MM)
Pin definition:
 
Red: [12V positive pole] motor drive power positive DC9V-12V
红：电源 DC9V-12V 标准12V
Black: [power negative] power supply negative
黑：地线
Yellow: [Emergency stop] brake, short power supply negative brake
黄：急停，制动。
White: [PWM speed regulation] external PWM signal speed regulation, the lowest frequency is 330HZ, recommended 20-30KHZ
白：PWM信号，20-30KHZ
Green: [Positive reversal] positive and negative control, low level reversal
绿：正反转，低电平反转
Blue: [empty foot]
Brown [speed signal output] output square wave signal, change with the change of speed
棕：速度输出。输出方波信号
Orange: [empty foot]

DC12V, the maximum no-load speed is 4800 rpm, the no-load current is 180 mA, and the resistance is applied during operation. 
The current can rise to about 2a.
DC12V，空转速度4800rpm，空载电流180mA。带负载最大2A

Original Japanese nidec brushless motor, the tail connector is connected, 
you need to have a one-yuan dollar with an 8-core cable,
you need more than one yuan for the cable.

Motor built-in drive circuit, patch mos tube independent drive, 
non-chip direct drive small power motor, external wiring is easy to achieve positive and negative, 
emergency stop, pmw speed, and brushless motor torque is much better than brush And very quiet. 

When the 4mm motor shaft is running, it is almost pinchless. It is not ruled out that the good comrades can pinch.

The pmw speed of the motor is very good, 
the minimum test of the owner can be less than one second, 
and the following figure provides the speed control circuit diagram.

There are also some special treatment products are all behind the plastic shell, 
some main filter capacitors on the circuit board are lost, some sockets are loose, 
but the motor is good, the power-on function is normal. 

The following is the dimension drawing diagram and actual disassembly diagram of the motor.

Note that the brushless motor can not be connected positively and negatively.

 If the fault is connected, the drive circuit must be burned. 

The voltage test is safe within 15v, preferably at 12v. A regulated pow